Make sure everything aligns with you, and then, you know, from there, we'll make sure this is... Hey, Rob, I don't want to waste anyone's time here, I kind of just want to, like, know the price, because I just want to make sure that this is going to actually make sense. Dude, I knew I liked you, man. Like, straight to the point. So, basically, you're saying you don't care what it is that you're buying, you just want to make sure the price aligns with your budget, and you're going to say, yes, no matter what, is that what you ask that question? No, I mean, I just want to, well, okay, yeah, that kind of feels stupid, nevermind. This is me, too, man. I feel a little silly. I thought we were about to do a deal. So, you do want to go through the info to make sure it's actually right for you to buy, is that what you're telling me? Yeah, yeah, let's talk about that. I think that's a very intelligent move. All right, let's keep going. Okay, the concept of pattern interrupts is the best way to sell. If you guys are in sales calls, and you guys are getting objections or need to stop, anything like that. Stop trying to be like, well, man, like, let's first go through the process, just work on pattern interrupts. The thing I liked about what Rob did here, believe it or not, my first 10 current a month in commission was working for him in his company, is the ability to pattern interrupt. Whenever you get an objection, it is your ability to pattern interrupt right away to get back on track. I think a lot of sales people are way too passive. As soon as you guys get an objection, it's like, oh, yeah, man, like, no, no, no, no issue. Like, we can talk about it. Rather than that, having the ability to re-loop with the pattern interrupt, where it's like, great, man, actually, I knew I was going to fucking like you, because you really don't care what it is. You just want another price, and if it aligns, you're going to do business today. Well, no, I mean, that's not real. Okay, man, so having that ability to pattern interrupt your prospects to communicate your point is the key. The way you're going to sell successfully in 2025, but especially in 2026, it's not sounding like everybody else. It's creating your own way of selling. You've got to learn how to do pattern interrupts in a way that works for you. Prospects are sort of like a dog on a leash. They're going to go all over the place if you let them run over you. You have to have the ability to control the conversation the same way you have to control a dog from not walking to ahead of you. Pattern interrupts is how you can keep the prospect on track in a very efficient way, where it's still playful without it being too serious, or without being too passive, where they just walk all over you.