After sending over a billion marketing emails, I've learned one thing. And that is discounts are not the number one purchase driver, not by a long shot. These four psychological triggers that I'm gonna show you are. First is using identity-based copy and triggering consistency bias in humans. When someone sees a piece of copy like this, like you want your dog to live forever, feed them like it. They're labeled with being somebody who wants a dog to live forever. And it's like if you do, then you have to buy the product. The person's much more likely to buy because they have been labeled and they need to live up to that label. Number two, reframe your bonuses as on us. Something like this, free shipping feels like a policy. But saying like, hey, shipping's on us feels like a gift in something that you earn. Very small language shift, but it has a huge impact. It feels, it builds good well as well, because customers like, oh, the company is paying for it for me. If you have free gifts or free shipping threshold, use this. Number three, bandwagon beats elitists. A lot of brands try to be like ahead of the curve and say stuff like, hey, like be in the top 5% of Americans who take ashwaganda. It doesn't work very well because somebody sees that and they're like, oh, only 5% of people take ashwaganda. I don't need to take it. Instead, it works way better saying something like ashwaganda is the number one fastest growing supplement in 2026. Here's an example playing into that like, why this company is breaking the internet and then like breaking down different reasons and this was actually a series of emails. You're much more likely to buy because now you feel left behind. Number four, numbers. Use specific numbers because people believe them to be 100% true because they are. Customers love us is forgettable in any brand can say that so it holds no weight. Something like 93% of customers reorder within the first 60 days. Holds way more weight for the customer and they're much more likely to buy from that. Wherever you can gather data on your customers, use surveys, gather data and promote it because people will see this and it's going to convert a lot better than hey, feel better, have good energy when you use our product. What if you say 91% of members had a positive impact in the first 90 days? Avoid over discounting, use these psychological triggers.