Okay, and I mean the total cost will be 5K, would you like to proceed? I like everything, it's just a lot, like 5K is a lot. Okay, and when you say a lot expensive compared to what, can I ask? Just in general, but I feel like 5K is a lot of money. I mean, it's definitely not a small amount of money, right? But with the perspective of money since it's all relevant, right? If you were to go spend 5K on a data, that's expensive. But if you were to spend 5K on a car, that's cheap, right? So I mean, from the perspective of 5K, is it more so like sticker shock or we logistically just don't have the 5K at the moment? I mean, I have the 5K, it's just, I feel like an amount where I want to definitely think about it. Yeah, and I mean, I completely get it, right? And I mean, even finances aside for a second, like, do you genuinely feel confident of what we do? Can get you to the 10-15K amounts out of the 9-5 and having that time freedom for ourselves as well? Because that's the most important part I care about. Yeah, I do. Okay, and what about our process specifically makes you feel confident? This can't actually get you where you want to go. Definitely coaching. Okay. What about the coaching? Specifically? The ones that directly get help from someone that's already been where I want to be, I think it's big. Yeah, absolutely. Because I mean, with the perspective of money, like, it's never going to be comfortable investing in yourself, right? Because we're basically changing the way we're doing things to get the results we never had. But the goals of the 15K months having the time freedom to travel, actually providing for our family way we want to, no one ever said those were going to be easy either, correct? Yeah, you're right. Because what do you feel is ultimately more risky, more expensive in the long run? Is it to do nothing at all, right? Because if we allow this hesitancy, and you know, that little bit of fear of actually investing into ourselves, and we continuously make the comfortable decision of never push past that, what position do you feel like that's actually going to leave us in? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, how much longer do we want that to continue forward, not only for ourselves, but our family as well? Okay. So, I mean, how committed are you to truly getting to the 15K months out of the 9-5 and making more money for our family? Because we don't have to be. I mean, you're smart for saying that, you know, obviously on your team. But pushing past, right, what do you feel that version of yourself would do, who's already at 10, 15K a month, making more money, and already out of the 9-5 providing for his family way he wants to? Yeah. And I mean, how much longer do we want that to continue forward, not only for ourselves, but our family as well? Okay. And already out of the 9-5 providing for his family way, he wants to. Do you feel like he pushed past that initial bit of hesitancy and fear and make that commitment for himself? Or do you feel like he had allowed the fear and hesitancy to consume them and remain within the same cycle he's been in? Even do it. Okay. So, what are you going to do? Let's do it. You sure? You don't have to.