Ranking every type of software you need to run a $100,000 per month coaching program in 2026. Calendly, as tier, this is where your sales goals all get booked and it's the hub for your closers to collect pets from prospects. Type form A tier, this one disqualifies the broker Indians and gets the qualified leads to sell themselves on why they need to be accepted. Loveable A tier, you can literally cook up fire funnels and timidest that look like you paid a website of $50,000 to build. With Stina D tier, this just tracks the metrics on your VSL and other sales app and tells you where you need to optimize to keep retention. This word B tier, this is where the coaching program is ran, hosting all your students that can also be used as a hub for the operations team. Slack A tier, this is the main hub for your entire sales team, the dialers, setters, closers, all watching the book calls and applications coming in, and when you hop in the Slack level, it sounds like a horizontal voice chat in 2020. School C tier, it's a solid place for hosting your video course and other assets for your students, not really good for anything else. Notion B tier, it's a golden place to collect all the SOPs for your coaching business, all your content ideas and content roadmap and just a good place to share resources with the team. My Row A tier, the breakdowns go crazy, it's great for YouTube, long form content and case studies. This is also where you'll map out the next five years of your business in one flow chart during an all-nighter. Google Docs B tier, this is golden for the market inside of the business. All the killer copy gets rent here and you can find your copywriter writing story sequences until 4 a.m. here every night. Air Table A tier, it collects all of the data you'd ever need into nice, pretty overviews. This is where you keep track of total cash collected, revenue generated, close rate show rate, and you can see how each member of your sales team is performing. Go high level S tier, this is the hub in the operation. This is where the sales manager lives, managing the pipeline and tracking every lead like they're the CIA. Saber, B tier, the glue of the operation. These automations hold all the other software together so that everything runs automatically. You'll also get stuck here for six hours trying to fix a broken zap just to find out that you just miscapitalized one of the triggers.